Update to upstream node-exporter 0.18.1 (#6)
giantswarm/node-exporter-app: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project's packages adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [1.1.0] 2019-11-20

> Note: Version number 1.0.0 was skipped to align with app catalog versioning (release 0.6.0 was the first app CR deployment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Version number 1.0.0 was skipped to align the version with other default apps.
```

@stone-z Thanks for adding but could we go with this?

Author: Done :heavy_check_mark:
